241212 max packet size in valid range (#14405)
emqx/emqx: changes/ce/fix-14405.en.md

Convert `256MB` to `268435455` bytes for `mqtt.max_packet_size`.

> EMQX previously allows setting `256MB` for `mqtt.max_packet_size` config, which is in fact one byte more than the protocol spec allows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EMQX previously allowed setting `256MB` for `mqtt.max_packet_size` config, which is in fact one byte more than what the protocol spec allows.
```

> For backwward compatibility, `mqtt.max_packet_size=256MB` is still allowed from configurations, but will be silently conerted to `268435455`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For backward compatibility, `mqtt.max_packet_size=256MB` is still allowed from configurations, but will be silently converted to `268435455`.
```
